Added ALT Tag for deploy/image-proxy.rst (#5591)
mattermost/docs: source/deploy/image-proxy.rst

 - **Remote Image Proxy Options**: ``CAMO_KEY``, which is the secret string used for the sample ``atmos/camo`` deployment.

.. image:: ../images/image-proxy.png

>    :alt: Deploy atmos/camo image proxy through System Console > Files > Storage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   :alt: Enable and configure an atmos/camo image proxy in the System Console by going to Environment > Image Proxy, specifying atmos/camo as the proxy type, providing the URL of the remote image proxy server, and by specifying the CAMO_KEY secret string.
```
